Add PIM PAG API documentation in graph beta (#19585)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance.md

---
title: "privilegedAccessScheduleInstance resource type"

> description: "A privilegedAccessScheduleInstance represents the actual provisioned instance of privileged access."

Reviewer: This is not the actual provisioned object type (which is privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance). This is just an abstract type that exposes shared properties. 
```suggestion
description: "An abstract type that exposes properties relating to the instances of access assignments and eligibilities to groups that are governed by PIM."
```

author: "mandardalvi"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# privilegedAccessScheduleInstance resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> A privilegedAccessScheduleInstance represents the actual provisioned instance of privileged access.
> This is an abstract type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An abstract type that exposes properties relating to the instances of access assignments and eligibilities to groups that are governed by PIM. This abstract type is inherited by the following derived types:
+ [privilegedAccessGroupAssignmentScheduleInstance](privilegedaccessgroupassignmentscheduleinstance.md)
+ [privilegedAccessGroupEligibilityScheduleInstance](privilegedaccessgroupeligibilityscheduleinstance.md)
```

|[List privilegedAccessScheduleInstances](../api/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance-list.md)|[privilegedAccessScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance.md) collection|Get a list of the [privilegedAccessScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance.md) objects and their properties.|
|[Get privilegedAccessScheduleInstance](../api/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance-get.md)|[privilegedAccessScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [privilegedAccessScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance.md) object.|
|[Update privilegedAccessScheduleInstance](../api/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance-update.md)|[privilegedAccessScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance.md)|Update the properties of a [privilegedAccessScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance.md) object.|
|[Delete privilegedAccessScheduleInstance](../api/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance-delete.md)|None|Delete a [privilegedAccessScheduleInstance](../resources/privilegedaccessscheduleinstance.md) object.| -->

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |endDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The end date of the schedule instance. Required.|
> |id|String|The id of privileged access schedule instance. Required. Inherited from [entity](../resources/entity.md).|
> |startDateTime|DateTimeOffset|When this instance starts. Required.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|endDateTime|DateTimeOffset|When the schedule instance ends. Required.|
|id|String|The identifier of the access assignment schedule instance. Required. Inherited from [entity](../resources/entity.md).|
|startDateTime|DateTimeOffset|When this instance starts. Required.|
```
